well howdy there internet people it's
beau again today is part three busy a
little bit why what's up what's the
Breakfast Club it's a movie from the 80s
how do you not know this how's your
mother not made you watch this oh I've
seen the video the video the video
online at a congressperson dancing yeah
no no I've already seen that at a video
it's just I like how people express
themselves when they were younger as
opposed to when they're older and all
stuffy yeah well people change and as
they get older they evolve I like to
think I was pretty cool when I was
younger do you have anything on the
first lady when she was younger
nice try get out congratulations to the
Republican Party that has spent so much
time and energy casting this woman is
this evil foreign socialist who comes
from money with one video she has been
turned into the most adorable woman in
the country good job on that
and I would like to point out let's be
honest everybody knows the only reason
you guys are angry is because she looks
the way she does and she still has
enough energy to dance because she's not
dying of dehydration anyway
just a fault y'all have a nice night